New properties for Product type for improving client-side filters (#10537)
saleor/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

- Add ability to filter by slug. #10578 by @kadewu
  - Affected types: Attribute, Category, Collection, Menu, Page, Product, ProductType, Warehouse
  - Deprecated `slug` in filter for `menus`. Use `slugs` instead

> - Add new properties for `Product` by @kadewu
>   - `attribute` and `variant`
>   - `sortBy` to `media`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new properties in the `Product` type - #10537 by @kadewu
  - Add new fields: `Product.attribute`, `Product.variant`
  - Add `sortBy` argument to `Product.media`
```
